Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
These are fabulous!	1
Lousy product.	0
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
I love this device.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Better than expected.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Very good phone.	1
Works good.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
It does everything the description said it would.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
I love this thing!	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
We are sending it back.	0
Poor Construction.	0
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Excellent Phone.	1
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
worthless product.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Reversible plug works great.	1
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
I want my money back.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Not worth it.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Portable and it works.	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
doesn't last long.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
No real improvement.	0
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
This phone works great.	1
Low Quality.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Great case and price!	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Good , works fine.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Great choice!	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
Bad Reception.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
And I just love the colors!	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
I'm pleased.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Works well.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Great price, too!	1
Truly awful.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
awesome device.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
nice leather.	1
Really good product.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Good transmit audio.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
